
fix text rendering, now the slide text is fucked

somethings such as setting the set_base_resolution function pointer should happen inside platform_shared, so we dont have to repeat them
	on every platform

we need to resize framebuffers on window size change??

give the platform a function pointer to set cursor pos
make set cursor pos with non borderless windows i.e. do the screentoclient bs

set a default window resolution so we are not forced to set one up

maybe we want a different struct for platform_data that contains stuff that the game shouldnt touch.
	or we add an _ to them to still give the game access but making it clear that they are not supposed to change it


why doesn't hot reloading break textures??
	we probably don't want it to allocate tho

make a config.bat?


we can leak shaders if they compile but dont link
	we need some flags of what to free/delete in the load shader func

we want shader errors in game. we need text rendering for this!!

make a default framebuffer thingie
we need to give new framebuffers a transforms pointer?
handle do depth and do additive

test if adding texture and framebuffers in any order breaks things

why hot code reloading broken??
	is it because load_texture allocates? but it also frees in the same call, i dont think this is it

hot reloading shoudl break when we allocate something in the game layer and then reload

This doesnt seem necessary
	blowfishfugu: some docs: "To use SDL2 audio, include it as #include <SDL2/SDL_mixer.h> and use -sUSE_SDL_MIXER=2. Format support is currently limited to OGG, WAV, MID, and MOD."


ANYTIME some weird nonsense shit happens on the web build, it's probably because we have a pointer to a stack variable and that just fucks things up
	with emscripten_set_main_loop bullshit. Don't ever use pointers to stack variables BEFORE calling that shit

test if embedding works for the web


SDL_AUDIO_ALLOW_FREQUENCY_CHANGE breaks sounds in the web build!


we could actually get it down to 1 file with a bunch of #ifdefs. but we still need 2 compilation units for hot reloading to work

platform fframe arena not being reset?

when we have multiple shaders, check that the in game error still works


add support for texture atlas

golf:
	better graphics 4head

	opposite of bouncy block

	WinterCoding: I wonder if you could make some bot whisper you, then use the whisper window as a control for the ball so chat don't get spammed? Don't know though.

	add an argument to join that is the texture/shader index

	realSuperku: mr tkat streamer what if you keep track of a moving average of player finish positions (normalized by player count). the better the position, the fancier the golfball looks, or like shit if you are not doing well. could be :) :( smileys also, with a golden smiley being the best. duckYep

	portals
	pits and shit so we can fall out of the map

	maybe we shouldnt do just pushes +1 to people who didnt beat it, but instead max(pushes + 1, thatplayerpushcount)
	we should have a way to start playing the current map in the editor!!



	exodus_uk: you have to collect a pickup to get through the gate

	do timer for all at once mode

	crazytown:
		maybe chip along with push, for "jump" shots
		rcrnstn: A other target that sometimes jumps around that, if you land on it, makes everyone else do a random push
		mode (or map?) where each time someone gets in the whole, the hole teleports

