
when player harvests creature, do some animation where the resource automatically goes to the base
	maybe the resource being harvest automatically should be an upgrade

if player kills an enemy, chance for a pickup that does something??
	like +10 resource
	temporary buff?


place a turret down?

ants seem to flash randomly??

polish:
	smooth zoom
	smooth camera movement


buff display should go down to reflect duration

bar for the win condition?

delete indexdb and see if the name input works
	athano got stuck in victory without name input or leaderboard

add confirmation to exit button

make power ups add to time instead of refreshing? it just feels bad to get them again once you have them
	maybe nerf duration to compensate?

Maybe allow drones to get chain too, but if you want it different to the player, instead of chain, allow it to multi attack, so extra beams directly from drone to enemy.
Scrollable leaderboard.

Maybe under the 3 free upgrades have some special choices, like 2. that are random, and maybe they are able to convert points. eg.
+Player Damage x2, -Player Speed x1
Allowing you to shift your build midgame.

Maybe random honey blobs drop that you can collect giving you 5 points. might be useful early, but can ignore later.
Maybe the leaderboard screen should show your final build when you finished.

name both bars at the top, me & 5 other people thought there were hitpoints because of the red color

maybe disable zooming on game start. obviously its meta to start game, then instantly pause and zoom out, and if u dont get proper free drone spawns, you restart. you probably wanna discourage that behavior, since its not fun

also not really sure about this. but i feel like the random power ups can be pretty frustrating at times. maybe make them collectable and then the player can consume them themselves when they need them. but im not sure if this would mess with the fun too much

+ or make the powerup time stack in some way or another, i hate accidentally collecting a powerup just as i picked up another one and it ends up getting wasted